say the best advertising of any product is
its quality
and we say how can you find out so
quality if we don’t tell about it
hi my name is a novel and it is express
bus today we present you energy
saver
funny this tire which is suitable for
wide range of cars
urban family coupe or minivan
as you can guess by name
energy saver model superior quality
which ability and save energy
using this bus you cut down on consumption
fuel for 200 milliliters per 100
kilometers and reduce co2 emissions
all tread elements are optimal
matched in the center are two rows
blocks that guarantee perfect
grip and confident coursework
resilience
water from the tread occurs with
using three massive channels and lamellas
massive blocks in the shoulder area help
the car stay steady when
maneuvers
cornering and also protects his wife from
damage energy saver capable
cope with heavy loads so
how her frame is strengthened at the base
designs used nylon cord
which improves tire reliability
tread protector but from rubber
mixtures
also a lot of things depend on the production
This model uses a new
patented rubber compound in
the basis of which force is like a jealous mixture
and a small percentage of soot yes just soot
makes this tire so deep
track
special items included in
rubber compound
increase tire life
improve grip and
fuel efficiency this model is already
michelin is popular in
worldwide tests conducted
automobile associations only once again
prove its high quality of course
michelin experts have worked hard
by design and production
using advanced technology
and modern equipment as a result
energy saver turned out
energy efficient safe labor intensive
Now its main advantages as you were
See you in the next video review
from express and